---
course_id: 6667
quiz_id: 43045
id: 291553
type: multiple_answers_question
sources:
- name: What is React?
  url: "/courses/6667/pages/what-is-react?module_item_id=525596"
---

# Intro to React

Which of the following describe React as a library? Select all that apply.

## Correct

Declarative

> Correct!
> 
> React helps us write declarative code, which makes our code easier to
> understand. Declarative code:
> 
> - Describes _what_ a program should accomplish (or what the end result should be)
> - Leaves the determination of _how_ to get to the end result up to the program

## Correct

Component-Based

> Yes!
> 
> React encourages us to structure our applications as "components": the building
> blocks of our web page that handle their own data and UI logic, that can be
> "composed" together with other components to put together a complete app.

## Correct

Learn Once, Write Anywhere

> Nice One! One great thing about React is that it works in a few different
> environments. Once you learn the key concepts of working with React to create
> client-side web applications, you can also more easily learn[React
> Native](https://reactnative.dev/) and write native mobile apps using React, or
> use tools like [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/)
> and[Gatsby](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/) to write server-rendered React.

## Incorrect

A Model-View-Viewmodel Framework

> While you can implement a MVVM architectural pattern in your React program, it
> isn't inherently a MVVM framework.

## Incorrect

I don't know.

> Be sure to study the source/s for this question. You'll get it next time.
